The best way to predict the future is to invent it.

Art is anything you can get away with.

Less, but better.

We are what we repeatedly do.

pain and sufferin

Sunrise, parabellum.

ikorshia!

fandom nomad

seeing all evil

the semi immortal

the lonely

moloch's puppet

moloch's favourite

the psycholocomotor of

dai gyakuten

machine yearning

a dash of whimsy

clinically blasé

dolor delendus est

per aspera ad astra

Become unparseable}

formation-dishonest

newly sincere popomo

the asexually attractive

Poe's Lawyer, Esquire

surfing on the ganges

I < race conditions 3

well-adjusted griever

performatively normal

I can get it all back.

mr scratch's favourite dealer

Comedy = Tragedy + Time

social media influencee

ex-freelance mycologist

all love is humiliating


brevity is for the weak.

the poem, not the poet

turning into poetry

getting it done at most costs

the universe leads, we follow

microdosing in perspective

dying on a moutain range

always already programming

got that dawg (puppy) in me


The universe is, and we are.


THE FUTURE HAS BEEN CANCELLED.

do not go gentle into that gn

46. The distance between two.

all quiet on the frontal lobe

at peace or dgaf anymore

human in a post human take off

specialisation is for insects

specialisation is for insects and doctors

if we were in hell, would we know?

before was was was, was was is.

Hope in Work and Joy in Leisure

closing the tabs on my brain

doing something maximally funny

let's do something maximally funny

eventually we must deal with

we're all dogs in god's hot car

not your weights, not your waifu

on the same conveyer belt as you

Busy changing minds (mostly mine)


--dangerously-skip-a-nights-sleep

Time is an invention of awareness.

The territory is a map of the map.

The detective arriving on the scene.

in the desert of the real

This is why I hate luck. Runs out.

adore all the oxygen in your lungs

do or don't, you will regret both.

A violent and irrepressible miracle


off we go into the wild pale yonder

live and let the languid world live

in samsara, the wheel reinvents you

life just seems so ??????? nowadays

assume I have killed the dawg in me

I am less than 1% of the population

That was stupid, and *I* was stupid.

Wonder about the pitch black Yonder.

Why is Sisyphus happy? Is he stupid?

Shoutout to my cardiovascular system

Smile at Hope in the Name of Despair

a detective on a case called reality

trial-and-error-and-error-and-error.

Large integers reported in your area

it's ok to cry, the sky does it too.

--dangerously-skip-social-validation

the bliss attractor comes for us all

there are weeks where decades happen

* Despite everything, it's still you.

what colour is your maruti suzuki 800

a barbie doll in an oppenheimer world


putting the infinite in infinite jest

dissecting the ghosts in the machines

A collection of my own misconceptions.


(How weird! To be noticed, and known!)

if the wind is right you can sail away

forced to master the art of letting go


going insane all by yourself handsome?

rate limited on access to base reality

living in a museum of passion projects

devilishly handsome debonair individual


you’re telling me this styrene is poly?

It is now safe to turn off your computer.

learning a kinder way to say my own name

Get busy being weird, or get busy dying.


Every day, and every minute of every day.

vice president of the solipsistic society

documentation is friendship with future u

You best start believing in singularities

the grass is greener where you bury a body

projects are never finished, only abandone

language basins for memetic self-survival.

look it all in the eye, both good and evil

this rock isn't going to live under itself

What's better than a devil you don't know?

why read fiction when <<gestures broadly>>

The First Blastocyst at The End of History.

friendship is stored in git commit messages

In dark times, should the stars also go out?

when the G falls off the Graveyard sign, call

Do you like air? I breath it all the time...

They key to confidence is to fake it forever.

The only thing I know is that I know nothing.

the lesser of two evils is significantly less

Experīmentum perīculōsum, iūdicium difficile.

Meaning is a jumper you have to knit yourself.

How can I help you on this WONDERFUL new loop?

you've met me at a very sleepy time in my life

Can somebody steelman breathing oxygen for me?

I’d like to inject for a moment’”; DROP TABLES

putting the Disco in Disconnecting from reality

There is no love in the past. Only the present.


The past we do not regret, we mourn.

my five year plan is i get what i want or i die

apparently I have a soul and it's in a .md file

It never gets easier, you just get better at it

maturity is when you lose interest in everything

With age does not come wisdom, only Alzheimer's.

I am not superstitious, just, a little-stitious.

Music was invented by Toby Radiation Fox in 2015

kinda worried about something. dk what it is yet

all map and no territory

all map and no territory (many such discussions)

right clicking on you to see your properties

today is over, and tomorrow struggles to be born

I'm built like this btw [screenshot of makefile]

I can’t go to hell. I’m all out of vacation days.

Sometimes, the best lessons teach what not to do.

the most dangerous trait is loyalty to one's past

not a smoker but i need a cigerrette for this one

Would you like to hold this moment with your arms?

The better you get, the better you’d better get.


Writing is a technology that restructures thought.


Those who forget the pasta are doomed to reheat it

God may judge you but his sins outnumber your own.

master of a very, very, particular side of the web

we’re all inmates in prisons with different names

potential is just a promise you break to yourself

spending compute cycles in uncharted concept-spaces

irony is a Maginot Line drawn by the already damned

No one gets to live in the world they were born in.

look at me still talking when there's science to do

All map and no territory made Jack a very dull boy.

Infohazards posted by this account may be unmarked.

patient zero for the philosophical zombie apocalypse

hope I don't have a long day at the long day factory

listening to the eternal silence of the endless void

My utility monster could beat up your utility monster

Of consistent architecture. Of the present and future.

"god works in mysterious ways" to YOU. He is perfectly understandable to

stubborn tiny lights vs clustering darkness forever

A serious, grounded detective on a case called reality.

too small to matter, too large for nothing to affect me

it's more like the easy problem of consciousness for


not unable to play the game, just good to be able not to

in 2026, i resolve to live up to 5% of my true potential

i’ve experienced qualia you people wouldn’t even believe


God is dead, and we are amidst his spilled guts, dancing.

an outlier of datasets I don't want to be the outlier of.

be as careful as someone who yearned too much once before

The world you were raised to survive in no longer exists.

Nothing you can do can defeat the will to be unimpressed

what if life is just a tech demo

life is just a tech demo

i survived a tuesday, and for what? wednesday? disgusting.

The invisible hand of the market _does not_ give headpats.

It’s going to be okay because we’re going to make it okay.

in STEM: soothsaying, thaumaturgy, eschatology, and magick

No matter how cynical you get, it is impossible to keep up.

limbed and headed machine of pain and undignified suffering

Rationality is when you stop living your life by fake rules


After the world, the pale — after the pale, the world again.

the abyss stares back

thinking inside boxes everyone wants me to think outside of

it looks like a snowball. but It's actually a snodecahedron.

notification: u have been perceived. there is no undo button


even if the world's a simulation, I'm still gonna keep it real

You get three choices in life. Be good, get good, or give up.


random number generation is too important to be left to chance

sometimes instead of trying harder you need to try differently

a metaphysical investigation of reality

A star died to make you, and you no longer find romance to that?

I would offer you moral support, but I have questionable morals.

economists know the price of everything but the value of nothing

Your parents told you not to talk to strangers. Yet, here we are.

claustrophobic about being stuck in the present

stuck in the claustrophobic present

with paleolithic emotions, medieval institutions, and godlike technology


flying high in an airplane made out of elaborate coping mechanisms

If you can't figure something out, figure out how to figure it out.

Due to unforeseen reasons, the future will be scheduled to Tuesday.

the only way to protect yourself from magic is to become a magician

no I noticed that social cue, I just didn't know what to do with it

Truth is much too complicated to allow anything but approximations.

Can you feel your happy future self reaching backward through time?

researching AI safety to make sure the guns can only kill bad people

finding the right level of abstraction to save myself from the details

An apple a day keeps anyone away as long as you throw it hard enough.

The good parts are not original, and the original parts are not good.

Please sit back and relax while Windows 95 installs on your computer.


the subtle guardness of someone who learnt social skills the hard way

may the time we meet again be fast approaching

if you think money doesn't buy you happiness, transfer it to the account of

I do everything not because it's easy, but because I thought it was easy.

Everything will never be fine. It'll be okay. Just okay. And that's fine.

it's not good to be unable to play the Game, just good to be able not to.

If you rehearse drama, you’ll perform drama. Rehearse competence instead.

my next game releasing exclusively on your water-ring toss handheld

don't put all your eggs in different baskets, build one really good basket.

Going mad as the world ends is a trope; I’m an author, and I’m above tropes.

I once thought I was wrong, but I was able to prove myself to be mistaken.

(I won't rest until I've inspected every suspicious-looking nook and cranny.)

"Let the whole outside world consist of a long paper tape."

Attention Is Needed But Intention Also Seems To Also Be Needed (Nature, 2027)

bees don't waste their time explaining to flies why honey is better than shit

Sure, I failed. But in my defense, I didn't actually try that hard to succeed.

Unless otherwise specified, I know everything that I am not telling you.

So I heard the girls like bad boys. Lucky for them, I am bad at everything I do.

Fences are for cattle; the snake will slip through and the tiger will jump over.

We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.

the thought of suicide is a consolation. It can get one through many a bad night.

I won't just gaze into the abyss, I'll maintain uncomfortable eye contact with it.

And now, the present:

Don't believe the broken clock just because you glanced exactly at its broken time.

the illusion of understanding, inevitably usurped by yet stranger problems arriving.

if you think curiosity without rigor is bad, you should see rigor without curiosity.

I am not saying everything is survivable. Just that everything except the last thing is.

It is impossible *not* to fail at Utilitarianism. But it's possible to fail a little less.

im going out the same way i came in...kicking and screaming covered in someone elses blood

sorry I didn't know what to do, I never found myself in that precise moment in time before

The feelings don't go away. You just have to sit around and wait till you feel human again.

Marriage counselling? Did you know that that's the only kind of counselling I've never had?

Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted.”

instead of getting better at being prepared, I have decided to get used to being unprepared

may those who accept their fate be granted happiness; may those who defy it be granted glory

We will be hatched, matched, and dispatched, all while never knowing what all of it was for.

How's that medicine taste? Your own flavoured? ...Is it just me, or have these tables turned?

Instead of trying to play 5D utilitarian chess, just try to do the deontologically right thing.

Only I can consistently assert the sentence "I cannot consistently assert this sentence."

Philosophers have hitherto only interpreted the world. The point, however, is to make fun of it.

It comes down to a simple choice: get busy living in the future or get busy dying in the future.

Instead of building Communism, he now builds a precise model of this grotesque, duplicitous world.

See? Everyone finds something worth holding onto in this world – however wasted its opportunities.

In the end, there is only the Earth, and to the Earth we all return. Ashes to ashes. Dust to dust.

The game of "Go" was abbreviated from Go Home, For You Cannot Defeat

How odd I can have all this inside me and to you it’s just words.

I like having lots of hidden motives. It's the closest I can ethically get to being a supervillain.

"great artists lift elements from several sources and recontextualise them" isn't really that catchy

If at first you don't succeed, try two more times so that your failure is statistically significant.

I used to be stuck in an endless cycle of life, death and rebirth. I still am, but I used to be too.

When all you have is a hammer, every problem looks like it requires a nicer hammer than yours to solve.

You can't do anything to me I wouldn't do to myself.

Happy people are just people you aren't acquainted enough with yet to know how miserable they really are.

everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about. Send them a google meet link and finish them off

See? Everyone finds something worth holding onto in this world — howerver wasted its opportunities.

The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion.

a violent and irrepressible miracle

Humanity is a squishy collectively-intelligent architect species, the unwitting participant in a self-stable cosmic joke about a machine that simulates the circumstances of its own invention. Next question

if AI makes things easier, do harder things

waiting for something to happen?
